He was quite powerful in front of him.
Why. Just say it.
Investors came yesterday.
It seems so. I heard from Baoan that when investors come,
Old this woman.
Old. Yes. Not Patriarch Xu.
No wonder. He has a bad temper today.
Then he must be so angry. Then I'd better get off work early from now on.
To avoid running into this Wen Shen.
Are you happy with this purchase? It’s okay.
Why is this okay?
I'm just too good
Not too messy
Why?
You are global
trouble me
It seems to me that he was too angry to fly up
I'm happy
I'll kiss you and eat
For your young and ignorant me
I apologize to you
I can all be here
Where can I get the money to treat me to dinner?
Let me see you
Isn't this really your husband?